hey guys Donnie McMillan here director
of Dragon Ball Z light of hope hey
what's up guys I'm Ty Lee Tackett
Android 17 and today we're just going to
answer some questions and a quick Q&A we
really appreciate you guys getting back
to us with all your feedback and we hope
to answer all the questions you guys had
asked how long until episode 1 post is
taking a little bit of time because we
want to make sure we do it all right but
I will say we will absolutely have it
out by the end of the year for sure I
just want to see how Super Saiyan works
it looks so cool not to brag or anything
but of all the Dragon Ball Z like live
actions they've tried to do Super Saiyan
are is this kind of the best it was kind
of surreal whenever we were doing our
fight scenes Anton and I and there's a
moment where we're you know exchanging
punches and stuff like that and I looked
up and I was like I'm fighting a Super
Saiyan it is crazy it's gonna look great
you guys are gonna love it is it a movie
or a web series for trying to create a
really great web series and this is
gonna be episode 1 so if it does really
well we're gonna do more but it's not a
movie it's episode 1 of a potential web
series what influences has the team's
drawn from while bringing DBZ to life
other than the anime itself of course
well I'm a huge terminator fan and so
it's probably a big reason why the
androids appeal to me I just really love
the cybernetic mechanics under skin kind
of thing and and then also Man of Steel
Man of Steel I think in everyone's eyes
when you saw it you knew DBZ was
possible in live action Owen bird wants
to know what it was like getting into
the makeup Amy and I our makeup wasn't
that extensive the worst part of our
makeup was our contacts Amy and I both
had just a hell of a time putting in
contacts and when we shot on top of this
mountain the wind was blowing and it was
drying out our contacts and got
sunburned pretty bad so that was the
worst of it but as for like makeup and
things like that it wasn't that bad how
common is it to see someone powering up
or camille meowing a regardless of
whether the can
it's pretty hard to get anything done
between takes because whether it go hon
aka Anton throwing key blast doing
genki-dama z' let's just say there's a
lot of commie ami eyeing going on on set
asides history of trunks what are your
favorite DBZ movies and will you guys be
releasing any new Dragon Ball Z lighter
poke wallpapers or movie posters
favorite history of trunks was my
favorite one so that's kind of hard I
really like tree of might and yes we do
have wallpapers they're being worked on
right now Kurt yo Chema hi Kurt what
kind of creative changes did you make
from the original DBZ Angeles saga first
off this is based on the history of
trunks so it's not exactly the Android
saga but I would say the biggest change
we made was probably just kind of
retooling Gohan's costume giving it more
of a modern realistic look how many
episodes is light of hope going to have
right now we've got a script for three
episodes but it really depends on you
guys I know that's kind of a cliche but
the more you you know share our video
the more you like about talk about it
the bigger it gets more opportunities
open up for us so episode 1 is being
finished now hopefully you guys love it
will spread that like wildfire and
hopefully see where that takes us who
would you cast as Goku well I don't know
right now who would cast as Goku but we
would probably hold a lot of auditions
and take our time I will say there might
be a glimpse of Goku and this first
episode Eli Mason for the cast what is
your favorite qualities by your
character 17 is a lot of fun to play
because I mean the guy really has no
rules he just has fun he's convinced
that he's invincible and
is just the most powerful being to ever
live Norman stop him so he just runs
right he just has fun
so as an actor it gives you a lot of
freedom is there any elements to the
story that you think is more important
than the others
I think Gohan and Trunks his
relationship are pretty awesome I really
like the dynamic of Gohan being the
father figure and the like a mentor to
trunks so I really think that idea is
really cool to play with as a director
oh and who was doing the soundtrack for
light of hope it's our composer Abraham
Castaneda he's he's like I don't know I
compare him to Hans Zimmer he is
phenomenal he does all the music himself
from all the instruments if there's any
vocals or anything he is hands-down one
of the most talented people I've ever
met are you guys gonna have another
person play trunks after Gohan dies yes
we actually do have an older trunks and
he's being played by Tim Neff if you had
any power from DBZ what would be your
choice Mayim a is a cop-out so I won't
say that I feel like because I'm playing
17 I can't say that trunks is my
favorite character but he kind of always
has been and a burning attack has always
been so cool Instant Transmission
I guess because I live in LA and
traffic's a bitch I think it would just
kind of simply be the ability to go
super saiyan like that and that that
energy you would feel would just be so
amazing that that alone I think I would
want to do it is the actor of seventeen
single not kidding but I kind of want to
know I'm an Android I don't believe in
love
how did you come up with the excellent
cast you have now also will we be seeing
super sand in the next trailer we just
cast like Mad Men we cast for multiple
weekends looking for the best of the
best talent we had to have great actors
in addition they had to have some form
of a martial arts background as far as
super sand you will see Super Saiyan in
episode one but I can't make any
guarantees you're gonna see it in the
next trailer for sure with all seven
dragonballs what would be your wish I
would wish that I had I would wish I had
all the powers over how far do you guys
hope to go with lino hope if you had the
wealth where would you stop with light
of hope or would you stop at all to be
honest it's hard to say what the future
holds for us because you know although
we really hope and have high
expectations that this is gonna be a big
hit you know who knows maybe we stop
here if we don't do that well and if it
does extremely well maybe we'll have 10
feature films who knows so I hope to run
with this as long as I can we've had so
much fun making it and it's been really
awesome sharing with you guys so we'll
see all right guys that's all the
questions we have thank you so much we
got a huge response tons of questions we
didn't even expect as many as we got
this is insane you guys are wonderful
from the bottom of our hearts especially
my heart this entire project has been a
dream come true for me like since I was
a little kid I mean
I Dragon Ball Z has been a love and
obsession of mine and to be able to be
involved in something like this is
amazing thank you so much means a lot
and we have a lot of good stuff coming
your way so stay tuned